## Clock Generator

Implement a class ```ClkGen``` so that it can be registered to the simulation engine with ```register_module``` so that it calls it in each cycle. ```ClkGen``` should be connected to a ```bool myClk;``` (representing a wire) in the design. ```ClkGen```  should change the logic state (true/false) of ```myClk``` on each cycle of the simulation. Next, we will explore how to visualize our clock generator. 

## VCD Trace 

Debugging concurrent systems where data arrives at different times and behavior depends on the arrival time are difficult to debug. To better understand what is happening, seeing when things happen over time can be very helpful. 

[VCD](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Value_change_dump) value change dump is a standardized file format to visualize changing values over time. Lots of tools can visualize this graphically, which makes it superior to simple print statements with time stamps. One examle viewer is [GTKWave](http://gtkwave.sourceforge.net/) which exists compiled for all major platforms. 

To generate the vcd file during our simulation, use the [VCD Writer](https://github.com/favorart/vcd-writer) ([documentation](http://pyvcd.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) is for the python version). 

Checkout the [VCD Writer](https://github.com/favorart/vcd-writer) code. Validate its functionality by running its example and visualize with e.g. GTK wave. 

Copy the relevant source files into your project folder (update Makefile). Create a new module ```Tracer``` that has ```myClk``` as an input. ```Tracer``` should contain a private instance of VCDWriter. 

```Tracer``` should register a variable to VCDWriter in its constructor. The code snippets assume that ```pWriter``` is a pointer to the VCDWriter instance

```C++
vcd::VarPtr vcdVarClk = sim.pWriter->register_var("Main", "myClk", vcd::VariableType::wire,1);
```

 When ```Tracer``` detects a change in ```myClk```, it should update the VCDWriter. The time when the event happened should come from the simulation engine (i.e. NOT the real-time), by calling ```sim.time_get()``` . An examle call could look like:

 ```C++
 bool myVar = false;
 pWriter->change(vcdVarClk, sim.time_get(), std::bitset<1>(myVar).to_string()); 
 ```

Validate that the clock is displayed with GTKWave. A value of 1 for simulation time is visualized as 1 ns. When implemeting tracing keep in mind that later issues will add additionally traced signals.

Copy and commit the vcd file as ```results/clkGen.vcd```.

Comment in this issue on challenges/observations/approach. Commit code referencing this issue. Close issue when don
